    Accra, Ghana - A hub for creativity and culture.
    Antarctica - An iceberg along the Antarctic Peninsula, a rare sight at the South Pole.
    Arouca, Portugal - People walk on the world's longest pedestrian suspension bridge '516 Arouca'.
    Athens, Greece - Silversea's new cruise ship Silver Moon, a cruising renaissance.
    Bangkok, Thailand - An exterior view of the Four Seasons Hotel Bangkok, perpetual motion.
    Bath, U.K. - Pulteney Bridge crosses the River Avon in Bath, England, leaning into literary roots.
    Beijing, China - The Forbidden City in Beijing, action-packed metropolis.
    Belize - Valley Stream, a remote private residence in Belize, striking a delicate balance.
    Benguerra Island, Mozambique - Located amongst dunes at the heart of Kisawa Sanctuary, Kisawa's Natural Wellness Center and Gym offers guests individual rituals rooted in the natural elements of Air, Fire, Water, Wind, and Earth, supercharged eco-luxury.
    Berlin, Germany - Terminal 1 at the Berlin Brandenburg Airport, readying for visitors.
    Big Sky, Montana - A room at the new Montage Big Sky, the great wide open.
    Bodrum, Turkey - A sailing yacht off the coast of Bodrum, Turkey, Riviera on the rise.
    Cáceres, Spain - Ai Weiwei's Descending Light (2007), a multitude of cultural riches.
    Cairo, Egypt - A restaurant at The St. Regis Cairo, new vantages on unique treasures.
    Cannes, France - Jason deCaires Taylor's underwater sculptures at the Underwater Eco-Museum in the Bay of Cannes, sea and be seen.
    Chimanimani National Park, Mozambique - A Manica sugarbush in Chimanimani National Park, Mozambique, doubling down on conservation.
    Christchurch, New Zealand - In Christchurch, placemaking social enterprise Gap Filler and developer Fletcher Living partnered to make the #Chchswing (2019), rebuilding from rubble.
    Coimbra, Portugal - A view of the Coimbra University courtyard, with the Mondego river in the background, fresh claims to fame.
    Costa Rica - Nayara Tented Camp in Arenal Volcano National Park, Costa Rica, committed to conservation.
    Denver, Colorado - An interior train view of Rocky Mountaineer's Rockies to the Red Rocks train route, which is a two-day trip through the landscapes between Moab, Utah, and Denver, Rocky Mountain high.
    Desaru Coast, Malaysia - One&Only Desaru Coast in Malaysia, a beach escape.
    Dubai, United Arab Emirates - The Sustainability Pavilion at Expo 2020 Dubai, bringing the world together.
    Edinburgh, Scotland - The North Ronaldsay Mutton dish served at The Glenturret's Lalique restaurant, a refined reopening.
    Faroe Islands, Denmark - A view of Kalsoy, an island in the north-east of the Faroe Islands of Denmark, worth the journey.
    Gold Coast, Australia - Home of The Arts precinct in Gold Coast, Australia, surfers’ playground.
    Gothenburg, Sweden - One of the iconic trams of Gothenburg in Sweden, four centuries and counting.
    Design District, London - Greenwich Design District, an affordable artistic incubator.
    Grenada - The view overlooking Woburn Bay at The Point at Petite Calivigny, luxury on the water.
    Gyeongju, South Korea - Woljeonggyo Bridge in Gyeongju, South Korea, historic gem.
    Hanoi, Vietnam - Street food scene in Hanoi, renewed life in the Old Quarter.
    Helsinki, Finland - Alicja Kwade's Big Be-Hide (2019), giving old spaces new purpose at the Helsinki Biennial 2021: The Same Sea, 12 June – 26 September 2021.
    Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam - The One Bite Pho at chef Peter Cuong Franklin's restaurant, Anan, in Ho Chi Minh City, tastes of Vietnam.
    Hokkaido, Japan - An onsen-style soaking tub at the Higashiyama Niseko Village, a Ritz-Carlton Reserve hotel, northern exposure.
    Houston, Texas - Red snapper ceviche at Musaafer in Houston, lone star stunner.
    Hudson Valley, New York - Blue Hill at Stone Barns restaurant in the Hudson Valley region of New York, brick by brick.
    Indianapolis, Indiana - The Garage Food Hall at Bottleworks District in Indianapolis, Indiana, bottle service.
    Island of Hawaii, Hawaii - A hiker in Volcanos National Park on Hawaii Island, volcanoes and vistas.
    Jaipur, India - Jantar Mantar, an astronomical observatory and UNESCO World Heritage site, in Jaipur, India, astronomical haven.
    Jasper, Alberta, Canada - Jasper National Park in Canada, Canada’s cabin capital.
    José Ignacio, Uruguay - Posada LUZ, a boutique resort in José Ignacio, Uruguay, relaxed getaway.
    Khao Yai National Park, Thailand - A wild elephant on the road in Khao Yai National Park, Thailand, leave no trace.
    Kruger National Park, South Africa - The Kruger Shalati hotel—in which guests can stay in renovated train cars that are perched on a bridge—in Kruger National Park, South Africa, on the wild side.
    La Paz, Mexico - On the waterfront in La Paz, Mexico, laid-back vibes at the seaside.
    Lake Khovsgol, Mongolia - Mongolian men and women pray and make offerings at an Ovoo near the Lake Khovsgol Ice Festival in Khatgal, Mongolia, untold depths.
    Lake Kivu, Rwanda - View of Lake Kivu, Rwanda, solar-powered exploration.
    Las Vegas, Nevada - Part of the underground tunnel during a tour of the Boring Co. Convention Center Loop in Las Vegas, Nevada, excess and innovation.
    Lijiang, China - Jade Spring Park in Lijiang, a launch point for adventure.
    Ljubljana, Slovenia - Rooftop tents at The Fuzzy Log in Ljubljana, Slovenia, a culinary capital.
    Loire Valley, France - DaVinci's artwork projected in a room at the Château du Clos Lucé museum, Chez Leonardo.
    Los Angeles, California - The Academy Museum of Motion Pictures in Los Angeles, Hollywood’s next act.
    V75V+8Q Parigi, Francia